All right. So today today we are diving
deep into Claude desktop. Why? Because I
was thoroughly impressed with Claude in
Chrome and everybody including myself
got hyped up on OpenClaw and then Claude
and Chrome actually did the job that I
needed to get done. So um let's go ahead
and see this.
It lives on your computer, not in the
web browser. Okay, so Claude stays in
the background accessible from your doc.
Okay, so that's the point. Like
OpenClaw, everybody's hyped on OpenClaw,
right? I went ahead and did a super
secret project I can't tell you about.
It was supposed to take me a month and I
did it in a weekend. Okay. So that gave
me a lot of inspiration to go even
deeper with Claude because okay my
thesis has always been okay Claude is
the actual
Claude is the model built by Enthropic
and if they build the agents and the
model I mean Claude Code is good because
of that reason right because they build
the model and the agentic system. We all
know that we're all Cloud Code users.
Okay so I relate that to the iPhone.
iPhone's good because essentially the
hardware and the software is built
together. I know some people are Android
people. That's fine. But that's why it's
good. Okay. So that's why I've been
bullish on cloud code. It's just it's
the best. Okay. So it's the best way to
code cloud code. We know that.
Then I tried out cloud chrome and it was
absolutely walk of flames. So since it
was walk of flames, I have to go to the
next step and try claw desktop. So I
said, "Anyways, go ahead and tell me
about the cloud desktop." And I'm
serious about this, dude. Look at this.
If you go back, I started with
resubscribe. I looks like I canceled. I
essentially canled my other plan,
cracker, that was going for my open
claw. I mean, that's how bullish I am on
cla chrome. Like, it does what I needed
to do. If you think about your workflow,
it's mostly in the browser. Okay, sick.
So, it lives on your computer, not in a
browser. Cloud stays ready in the
background, accessible from your doc
with a quick entry so you can pull it
from anywhere in your system without
losing focus.
Desktop extensions.
Co-work is interesting as well. Co-work
is available as a research preview for
all paid plans.
And okay, so for me, I looked at cloud
co-work was like normie stuff,
right? like we're devs, we can do this,
we use cloud code. But now I'm actually
interested in looking at codework as
well. So I'm going to look at both of
those things today from a algorithmic
creator point of view, developers point
of view. I think it should be very
interesting.
Co-work is available as a research
preview. Create and edit files. Okay.
Cloud code built right now. Built right
in.
Oh, the cloud code lets you run it
through a graphical interface instead of
the terminal with features like parallel
sessions. Okay, for developers
specifically, you can run multiple local
and remote sessions in parallel, each
isolated as its own work GitHub tree
work tree. The bottom line, Cloud
Desktop reduces cognitive overhead by
staying present across your operating
system.
So, let's go ahead and try it out, dude.
Let's try it out. Let's just try it out.
You know, everybody wants to talk about
stuff and nobody's really talking about
Cloud Desktop. So, let me go ahead and
just see if it's worth it for me and
you'll be able to see over my shoulder.
And the way I look at this is, hey, if
it's fire, then we all see it. And if
it's not, then hey, we also all see it.
So, all 10 of us or whatever here, 15 of
us, we'll all see it. We'll all benefit
from today and see if it's actually
something useful
as a trader or as a dev.
Let me go ahead and get that new key to
you. So, if you do get in before the
end, 777,
Vince, good to see you.
Did I miss it? You missed the whole
thing, bro. We're just wrapping up,
Versad. I'm just kidding, dude. I'm just
kidding. You just got here right on
time. Life is perfect. Life is perfect
and you are right on time. New key here.
Okay, so I'm going to drop the API keys,
all that good jazz. So, as you know,
when you do arrive today, if you arrive
on time, you'll get the key. And if
you're late, I'll send it to you still.
Don't worry. It's just I will um send it
sporadically. Much love to you. Thank
you. So, I've got my OpenClaw listener
here, which is cool because
she is going up and listening to my
transcript here and seeing if uh there's
anything that OpenClaw can go ahead and
do for us. So, you can see I got Claw
Desktop here. Just gonna pull it in and
then I'mma open it up.
Damon, how are you, dude? Good to see
you.
Ready to lock in? Let's lock.
Let's lock, dude. Let's lock.
Okay, you see that popup that came up?
By the way,
it said something about it being sketch.
Everybody gets that. So, I'm going to go
ahead and get started here. I have my uh
cloud desktop set up.
I got it downloaded at least. So, sign
in with Google. [__]
Let's pause screen. Let's put you on
NFA.
Continue with googs.
Continue with googies.
Um
it's this one.
Okay, I'm in there, I think.
Okay, so this is what it looks like,
dude. This is co-work actually. So, it
looks like claw desktop is
co-work initially and then we got code
over here. So, let's just explore. So,
this is open 4.6 code. Uh, what file are
you in? Select folder. Okay,
so I could probably just select a
folder. What's local mean?
Add SSH connection. Okay,
let's say uh add SSH here. My server.
Okay, so you got to put your poor SSH
username. I'm not going to do that.
Let's see. A friendly name for the SSH
connection. Okay.
Host. SSH host.
Okay. I'm not going to do that, but
maybe I can check out co-work. What's
this stuff? So, let's knock something
off your list. How can I help you today?
Optimize my week. Organize my
screenshots. Find insights in my files.
Customize with plugins.
What's plugins?
Okay, this is cool. As you're a
developer, this is actually opportunity
if you can build plugins for claw
desktop. if this takes off. I mean, I
don't know. Does throw one in the chat
if you use Cloud Desktop. One in the
chat if you use Cloud Desktop. I wonder
if anybody's using it yet because I
think a lot of people are like me. It's
just like
it's just like for normies
that don't know how to code.
I'm installing it now. Okay. Jeff Harris
uses it. Nice, Jeff.
Yo, what up B?
Big Vixie, how you doing, bro? Biden.
Last time I checked Cloud Co-work, it
felt like a mainstream terminal.
Curious.
Okay, so only Jeff is using. I'd be
curious to see here how Jeff uses it.
Um, browse plugins. Looks like that's
cooked. Add plugins. Browse them. Okay.
Optimize my week.
Organize my screenshots. Find insights
in files. What about optimize my week?
Okay, interesting. So, they give you
these. Tell me plan and optimize my
week. I have my Google calendar open and
ready for you to review and edit. First
review my calendar
where I have gaps of two plus hours
before proposing. All right, let's just
see what happens. I like I don't know
what it has access to is the
nerve-wracking part.
I don't know what it has access to. I
don't know. And you're going to see my
calendar here. This is going to be
embarrassing. Jesus.
What the hell? It pops open a screen.
Okay, so I see what it does. Pops open
the screen here.
Sheesh.
Allow
allow
Claude to use the browser. Okay, stop
it. Stop it. Stop it. I'm going to stop
this. I'm going to go ahead and revert.
Revert.
Delete group.
So, it does just use Claude Chrome. I'm
going to go ahead and get this connected
to a different I'm going to use
Cracker's account.
No, I can do this here. Let's try this
again.
Allow for this.
Allow for this website.
Working on it. Working on it.
It failed because I closed it, but I
just wanted to open in this browser is
what I'm trying to say.
I'm drinking a Celsius, by the way. So,
if things get crazy today, you know why.
You know why, dude? Celsiuses are crazy,
bro.
Make sure you're signed in to Claude.
I see a fresh browser. Let me navigate.
All right. Well, this is a stupid task
anyways. Okay. Let's go to code because
let's say select folder here.
Okay, this is fine. You can see I click
select folder and it pulls up all of
these different things. Um, I've got
this orderflow app that I built last
night on stream. That was fun. It was
just to um make some fun videos with. I
have, you can see my like recent videos,
all those colors on those those iPhones.
I got like eight iPhones. Anyways, let's
go ahead and um
let's go to Mundev AI agents. Okay, so
we're in there. Ask permissions. No way.
Auto accept my edits.
So,
so far this is just clawed code with a
UI on it cuz
like I I don't I literally don't have
anything on my calendar. You want to see
my calendar, bro? Let's go see it.
Google Calendar.
You want to see what what being uh what
a rich life looks like, dude? You want
to see what it really looks like?
That's my calendar, gang.
This is my calendar.
So, organize that. Organize my calendar
for me, please. Members only live event.
This isn't even real cuz I do a live
event every day. Delete all
members only live event. I guess I am
here at 8 a.m. But this is my calendar.
So like that project I was saying off
with silly.
Okay, let's go here to code and see what
she can cook.
Go ahead and look at my agents folders
and see what come up with five ideas.
Launch five parallel agents in order to
come up with five ideas based off of my
current agents. I want to push these
agents to the next level. Look at my
agents folder. Careful. Make sure you
have prompts are good because they will
edit all the files in the directory.
>> Okay. Okay.
I'm curious to see how they handle the
multiple
multiple clock codes because I feel like
for now I I fix that with this.
Jeez, I got kicked out
and I want to see if they're attacking
that. That'd be interesting because
obviously they'll do better.
But my biggest problem with cloud code
is like trying to manage all of these
tabs. So I built this in order to have a
bunch of clog codes up here all day.
So agent to agent
self-evolving strategy system
multi-source signal fusion
contemplating awesome 48 agents.
Now let me launch five parallel research
agents each focused on different angle.
Okay, sick, dude. Well, I want to I'm
curious to see how it handles multiple
of these. So, how would I do this?
Can I start a new agent here? Run your
dev server.
What is this?
Always allow, bro. Allow to run.
H
okay. Can I go over to chat and chat
with it? Get Claude in Excel.
Uh quickly chat to Claude in a few
steps.
Continue.
So are you just you're just Claude Cook?
Are you just regular Claude? Hey, how
are you? Um can you go ahead and give me
your five absolute best ideas to
approach trading like Jim Simons would?
I want to build some automated systems,
specifically things that I can back test
today. Thank you.
Okay, so this is just chat.
This is
pod code with a UI on it.
How do I have multiple going at the same
time? Because I thought I read something
about how you can use multiple at the
same time. Always allow. So, so far this
is cloud code without dangerous mode.
crafting.
Yeah. Um
first first thoughts so far, dude, is um
Claude and Chrome is sick.
this.
All right.
I mean, let's go to Twitter here. Let's
do some fun stuff here in Twitter.
Let's go ahead and say on Twitter, let's
say, hey, go through all of my
notifications and people that respond
and ask them
a question that can pull alpha from
them. So, it just needs to be one
sentence, one question that can pull
some alpha for not just me, but the
whole audience, everybody looking at the
post, like pull alpha, a simple casual
question that looks at their expertise.
So, look at their profile or whatever
and see what their expertise is and then
ask a question based off of their
expertise. You know, it's free
consulting. If you're gonna comment on
my post, I want to get I want to get
some knowledge out of you, dog. So, you
comment, I'm gonna get some knowledge
out of you. So one question, one
sentence, simple,
concise. Yeah,
if you are quin algo trader, we want
you. No more solo quants here. Gate in
comments.
Okay, so now she's going to go ask
questions. And this is sicker to me
already, you know, because what what is
she doing up here? This is desktop. So
far it's a nothing burger in my opinion,
but maybe I'm just a noob. Anybody have
any ideas of like why this is better
than cloud code? Because cloud code time
6 is the sickest. Cloud code times six
in your face all day. Step on a gas fee.
Awesome. 48 plus agents. All five agents
are back. Generate five breakthrough
ideas. Agent to agent communication bus.
So problem your 48 agents are deaf to
each other.
A lightweight inmemory singleton
Darwin engine. Okay, this is what I want
to see, dude. More options, connections,
add files. What I want to see is to be
able to work with multiple agents at the
same time.
feel like that is the killer feature and
I already built it but I want to see um
yeah I don't know dude I don't know
about this thing so far coowork
coowork's cool but again like the
coolest thing I saw on co-work was clean
up my my desktop but I did that in cloud
code so coowork's
Chrome Clad the sickest thus far. The
sickest. Is it responding to people?
I think this is a pretty cool way to use
um
AI is ask questions of people that are
on my posts because I can pull alpha out
of you by asking the correct question
and then everybody gets to see it. You
know
why use six different instances of CLI
instead of teammates to be managed by
Claude it? So because I'm a better
manager than Claude.
Can you just open another instance by
just opening the program again?
Uh maybe.
I don't know if I would like that
though. Let's go ahead and try it. Let's
say file
new conversation maybe. Here let's go to
code section.
I don't know if I want a bunch of
Yeah, I don't think you can, but I
wouldn't want a bunch of these. Like,
I'd want something like this. I thought
they were going to have this and I was
like, damn, they cooked my my uh use
case already, but they didn't. So, cool.
We're still alive. We're still alive,
fam. We're still alive. Mund app is
still the best way best place to code.
Best place to code in the world. And I'm
not even on the leaderboard anymore.
[__]
Um,
I don't know, dude. I would say it's a
nothing burger. So far, I'm more
interested in Claude and Chrome. That's
it.
That's it. Well, that's it for for uh my
little little demo here. Anybody want to
see anything? You curious about
anything? If you are curious about
anything, I'll go ahead and try it. But
you can see it's a chat on your desktop.
Cool.
Co-work cloud code for normies. And then
the code section is a UI on the code.
But what they should do is what I did on
Mundv app because that's the problem in
my opinion. The problem is that
the context switching is very hard when
you have to be thinking about different
concepts and also trying to find those
tabs. So, I already fixed that problem.
Desktop.
Um, if I don't get any requests here,
I'm just going to close it and never
come back. Well, maybe in a in a while
I'll come back. But for now,
with all the open claw hype,
I had to see if claw desktop
was better.
Here is the full
Okay. So, that was um
Please explain. If you can't follow, you
got to catch up, dude. You got to catch
up.
Can't explain. I can't explain.
You got to catch up. You got to catch
up. You got to lock in. Got to lock in,
bro. I I gave you the offer of how to uh
learn for me. I can catch you up to
speed at moonundev.com/go.
Other than that, today and every day on
these streams.
Every day on these streams, I'm just
building whatever I need to build. Chase
Jim Simons. So, today I wanted to see if
that was going to help my workflow. And
I don't think Cloud Desktop is going to
help me personally, but
I tried it. I had to try it, you know. I
had to try. I had to try it. So,
I found some major things by trying out
Open Claw. So, I Let's literally [__]
around and find out.
[__] around and find out. And that's how
I live my life.
[__] around and find out, dude. [__]
around and find out. And I'm just going
to keep [__] around and finding out
everything that I need to find out. And
then um I'll show you guys.
Lots of docs to explore with lots of
functions to connect.
Yeah.
Kelly, are you saying that about cloud
desktop?
Cuz I think it's cooked. I'm deleting
it. Deleted.
Damn. Maybe I missed out an opportunity
there. But hey, if you guys have any
ideas of how to use cloud desktop, I'll
definitely revisit.
Damn, did my account get suspended?
I just get suspended.
Damn, dude. That'd be funny.
So, I wonder if this is actually working
here. Let's go ahead and see. Let's go
to my Twitter here.
And let's go zoom out a bit so I can see
it.
You will not become a quant not because
you're stupid, not because you don't
have enough access information. All the
content is free.
You won't become a quant because
you open Tik Tok. It's too hard.
Yeah. You won't become a quant because
it's too much slop.
You won't become a quant because it's
too much slop.
I can't read. I can't read that much. I
just can't. And I know that sometimes
I'll post that much, but I'm not reading
that [__]
Okay, so let's see if she's responding.
I don't think she's working. Actually,
anyways, it doesn't really matter. It
doesn't really matter. I just wanted to
see something better than uh cloud
desktop.
How's it going, bro? How's it going,
bro? Are you uh doing anything? I don't
see any responses yet.
I mean, this was also stupid. Like, I
don't I don't need to do this. I just
wanted to see if it was better than
desktop. It is better than the top. So,
let's move on. Loving your work. Thank
you, Richard. Game changing. Appreciate
you. 777 to you. Kelly says this
connectors. Okay. Okay. So, maybe this
is some fire.
Canva, Slack, Figma, Monday box.
Still grindy, bro. I'm going through the
notifications and building out a full
list of every person who replied. I've
got all the handles now and I'm in the
process of visiting each profile to
check their expertise before crafting
the perfect alpha. Okay, keep going.
Sweet.
Sounds like you are cooking.
Keep going.
777. Kenny, good to see you. 777. Jeff
777. Richard 777. Kelly
killer. Kelly,
thanks for your zoom. My pleasure, dude,
and all your hard work. Been using
codeex. Time to move to cloud. Okay.
Okay. I used codeex. It wasn't bad. It
wasn't bad.
It's not as good as Claude, but hey,
it's a much better deal, and I think
that's important. By the way, I did sign
up for this. I don't know if any of you
guys are if you're looking for deals,
dude.
Let's do uh Miniax
coding plan. I want to set this up
actually because I did sign up for it.
coding plan miniax API
100 prompts for five hours. That's my
current. I got $10 per month. I actually
want to do that right now. I think
that's going to be interesting.
I wonder how you set it up
and I can probably set it up inside of
Quant.
Stop calling it that, bro, before you
get sued.
All right. You can see that I'm kind of
a pro user when it comes to clock code
and I use it all day. Six different
versions or six different projects at
all times and I just step on the gas all
day. So I know that it's a little
expensive. That's the problem. So if you
are looking for a better way to use
cloud code, but maybe even 20x cheaper,
I have the simple concise step-bystep
training here of how to do that. I found
something that is almost as good as
Opus, I would say. Let's say it's
between Sonet and Opus level um when it
comes to AI
and you can have a aentic framework like
quad code but it's 20x cheaper. So shout
out to Artail for putting this on to
this a while back. What did I do in the
last few minutes? I'll write that down
soon. But this I'm not going to bury the
lead. It's this. It's Miniax Miniax
coding plan. You can see it's literally
20x cheaper. 200 bucks first 10 bucks.
Now, you can you can upgrade to more,
but you're probably not going to hit 300
prompts. You're probably not going to
hit 1,000 prompts.
Probably won't. Let's see. Let's see.
Today, let's go ahead and get all of
this set up. Miniax is 10 bucks for 100
prompts in 5 hours. I bet you don't hit
that. So, $10 versus $200. Are you
kidding me? Boom. There you go. Alpha.
Alpha in the chat. This is my current
plan. What we need to figure out right
now is how to set this up. How to set
this up inside of the Moondev app
because the big game changer for me was
the Moondev app being able to have
multiple cloud codes at the same time.
So, investigating
Claude and Minia Max, okay? Because the
context switching is hard and you know
that
it's hard, especially when you're
searching through these like tab after
tab after tab after tab. Like, where's
my Yeah, dude. That's hard. So, putting
it all up here, it's fire. Let's get
Miniax up here. How do you do that?
I don't know, Claude. Let's ask her.
Hey, how do you set up Miniax the coding
plan to be inside of the terminal? Is
there a walk through you can look at?
God, he's cooked, dude. He's cooked. The
docs are right here. Just look at the
docs. No, you look at the docs.
So, I just need to install it and then
run it. Okay.
I'll look at the docs. I'll look at the
docs. I'll look at the docs. View the
docs.
Coding plan quick start. Yes.
Subscribe. Perfect. I'm already
subscribed. Install anthropic. Got it.
Um,
anthropic API key. Why is it using
anthropic?
You can use it in cloud code.
Use Miniax 2.5 for AI programming in
cloud code. Uhoh. Important. Clear
anthropic variables.
Wait, wait, wait, wait. You can use claw
code. Miniax include code
in your terminal. Just two steps. Okay,
so we subscribe. Okay, I've already got
it. So, I signed up for the $10 plan.
That's 20x cheaper.
And I have a feeling
that it's going to be just as good as
Codex. at least maybe not good as good
as cloud code, but as good as codeex at
at the minimum. We'll see. Configuring
your terminal. Okay. The coding plan
works as a backend AI coding for cloud
code. Cursor client. Okay. Sick. Since
you want it in a terminal, cloud code is
the most natural fit. You point claude
code at Miniax's API endpoint using your
Claude plan, your coding plan key. So,
from the docs, you have a dedicated
guide for each tool. For terminal use,
I'd check cloud code guide, codec cli
guide.
Okay, so we're changing the endpoint
and then I got to get my coding plan
API.
So I plan on using cloud code for this,
but I want to swap out the miniax. Okay.
So,
yeah, just walk me through that step by
step. And I'm going to do this slow. I'm
not going to go fast. I'm not going to
be some some dev about this. No, I'm
going to make sure that everybody can
see this step by step. Here's the full
step by step. Okay. So, first you have
to install cloud code. If you don't have
cloud code already, well, you install
that npm install cloud. Okay. Step two,
get your miniax coding plan API key.
Okay. So, how do I get my API key? Well,
you sign up for a plan. Okay, so sign up
for one of these. Obviously, start with
the $10 one because I said it's 20x
cheaper. Okay, then let's go to our
account
and then let's go ahead and get my API
key. Okay, so let's go ahead and take
this off the screen just for a sec. I'll
bring it back, dude. I'll bring it back.
Don't worry.
Don't worry, dude. I'll bring it back.
Create new secret. This is going to be
called flawed code.
Okay, I got my key. Now what? Okay.
Okay. Okay. So, we got my key.
Subscribe at platform.minia.io.
Okay. Got that. Got the key. Then create
the cloud code config file. Edit or
create the settings.json.
Doesn't exist yet. Just run claude once
and quit the CR. Crl R C twice. It'll
create the new folder.
Paste this in.
Step four, clear any conflicting environ
environment variables. Okay. So, what
I'm going to do here is this. I'm going
to make this very simple for us. Okay.
What I'm going to do here is this. I'm
gonna say, okay, and this is just for
everybody because I'm five years into
coding and I still just let AI do
everything, okay? I'm not a big head. I
don't need to be the best coder in the
world. I don't
I'm the most persistent. I'm the most
locked. Don't need to be the best coder.
No way. No way. That's not me, dude.
That's not me. I can code. Yes, I can
build anything for the rest of my life.
I believe code is a great equalizer, but
I don't I don't need to sit up here and
pretend like I I know every little
thing. No way, dude. If you if you need
to know everything, you're cooked
because I know nothing. I just keep
finding secrets over and over and over
again. I have no opinion. Just let me
cook. Okay. So, I'm gonna say, "Hey,
that's all of the stuff she just sent
me. Let me paste it in. And then I'm
also going to grab my key. I'mma grab my
key and I'm going to put it in here."
Okay,
this is the instructions to switch on
over to Miniax
from Cloud Code. Go ahead and set it all
up for me. You can see my key is here.
That's it. Set it up.
Okay. So, I gave her my key. Then,
question for you. Question for you. If I
do do this setup here, how do I switch
back? How do I switch back to cloud
code? Like, if it's not fire, how do I
switch back?
You know, I'm a paying subscribing
member for Cloud Code and it's working
naturally. Okay. So, I just need to
switch back eventually someday. Maybe I
probably will. I probably There's no way
I'm going to stick with this.
Yeah. So, just show me how to switch
back when I need to. I'm not I'm not for
sure going to stick with it, but I want
to use it for today because I think it's
interesting.
Okay. What did it say? She said done.
Here's what I set up.
You can see this part.
Done. Here's what I set up. The base
URL. So, it's API.minia.io/anthropic.
I just sent all that slop she sent to me
to my cloud code. O token. Your miniac
coding plan written not shown.
Model Miniax M2.5
for all model slots. Timeout is 300 3
million seconds milliseconds. Disable
non-essential traffic. Yes. Preserved
all your existing permissions, plugins,
and agent teams. Okay. Next steps to
activate it. Here is quit this se
session in your terminal. Clear
conflicting environment variables.
Okay, I did that. So, you have to run
these things. Unset.
Okay.
Unset something. I don't know what this
means. Don't care. Really don't care.
Really really couldn't care less what it
meant means. Just want to just want to
get it in. B. Okay, let's run it. Model
Try Opus 4.6. Miniax 2.5 Miniax M2.5
20x cheaper. Boom. 777. Much love to
you. I hope this is helpful, dude. I
hope this is going to save you a ton of
money and I empower you to build bill,
baby. Bill build bill, baby. Bill build.
Look, it's 10 bucks now. It's $10
and I can cook everywhere, I think, with
it. Yep. Yep. We're on Miniax
everywhere. How the hell did you get on
Miniax already, though? I thought I
thought I'd have to reset it.
We're miniax everywhere. Go ahead and
explain this. Um,
please explain this project here
what I'm working on and one simple way
to take this to the next level.
Okay, we're on Miniax across
five. Let's get it on miniax here as
well.
Miniax
model try opens 4.6, but we're on Miniax
2.5. And again, here's another little
bumpity bump of
fire. Let's go to Miniax here, API
reference. Look at the pricing. Okay,
let's go to um now. Okay, so I'm using
the coding plan right now, but you can
also pay as you go. And let's just look
at it straight up. Minax M2.5 is.3 M
tokens input and 1.2
output. Remember this.3 in, 1.2 2 out.
Now, you are giving your data to China.
I know some of you don't like that.
Okay, I don't care cuz I got literally
I got 10s up in my house right now and I
know China's listening to me. I'm
streaming all day.
Coding with Claw Code. They're probably
going to give it up as well. I don't
care.
Cheap, good, fast, dude. This is cheap
and good and fast. Interesting. Is it as
good as Clude? Remember this.3 in 1.2
out. Okay. Claude um opus
claude pricing API.
So remember the numbers. Do you remember
them? I don't. 3 in 1.2 out. Opus five
in $5
inward
25 out. Crazy savings.
So now for the rest of your life, you
don't have to pay these crazy prices.
Even down here, Haiku is $1. Haiku is
trash. Sonet is $3 in. This is 30 cents
in, dude.
That's 10x better than Sonet. That's a
lot more than that on Opus. So from here
on out, you have a source that number
one, you can go ahead and use
in cloud code, but number two, if you
want to scale to your apps or whatever
or your bots or whatever, dude, now you
got it inside of here as well. You got
an API and cloud code. Okay, let's go
ahead and explain all these. See if it
actually works.
So I just hit the satellite button that
sends a prompt to all of them.
So you can see here I just sent China
all of my data for all of my my uh
GitHubs.
So now you have something that is 20x
cheaper for cloud code. Okay? And you
have something that's 20x cheaper for
the API. And this is only because I lock
in every single day and I show you guys
everything.
And what happens is when I show you
everything and people always ask, why do
you show this? It's such a secret of an
industry. Why are you showing this? Blah
blah blah blah blah. You can't have a
course. Yada yada. Dude, if I provide
enough value, you know how I found this?
I found it from the Zoom chat. Art
specifically. Art found me on YouTube
just like you did. Do you believe in
abundance? Do you believe that you if
you give enough, you get enough back,
you get more back? Because I do and I
always have. And that's my thesis the
entire time. I believe code is a great
equalizer.
For me, once I learned how to code, I
can't lose now. I can't lose. Can't lose
because I'm able to test all this stuff
out. Okay, open CL. Everybody talking
about open clock. Okay, let me test it.
See if it's fire. I found something
better.
Okay, I I find some bots that work.
Okay, let me go ahead and build this
bot. Let me build a back test. I'm just
going to give give give and then fire is
in the chat. That fire that that art
gave me is literally a 20x for the rest
of my life.
So I know we're in a scarcity le
industry. I know finance is very like
PvP. I don't want you to win, but I want
you to win cuz if you win, we win. If I
give you everything I got every single
day, I know you guys will sprinkle some
stuff on me. You sprinkle a little
chicken on the salad for me, dude. Come
on. I know you will. You put fire in the
chai every day. So, big shout out to Art
for putting us on Miniax. By the way,
this whole OpenClaw stuff, this is how I
save money on OpenClaw. All models are
pretty bad on OpenClaw, but Miniax is
not as bad. Opus is obviously the best,
but you can't afford that. Neither can
I. Five Open Claws running with Opus all
day. No way. No way.
Uh, what are the usage limits? That's a
good question.
I don't think they are usage limits.
This is China, bro. This is China. They
ain't going to say no to our money. They
said, "Give me more. Get more. More. You
buy now." Price is $10 a month. The
limits is 100 prompts per five hours.
I don't think you can
I don't think you could do that. I don't
think you can do 100 promps in five
hours. Maybe
I don't think you can do 300 promps in 5
hours for sure. If you have this running
on OpenClaw, that's a different
conversation. But at the minimum, this
is a 10x saver. At the maximum, it's a
20x saver. Now, like if you're going
crazy with OpenClaw and they're running
all day, I would be very very surprised
if you could ever get to a thousand
prompts in five hours. I haven't been
able to get there, but
they like to step on the gas, too. I
love China, dude. I love the mentality
out there. Oh,
yes. This is anthropic, too. Now, Mini
Max is anthropic, too. They just got
caught stealing, just stealing their
models. Good for them. Great artists
steal.
Great artists steal.
If you haven't read this book, you
should read it because in algorithmic
trading, this is literally what I teach
you. Go [__] take your competitor's
strategies. I literally show you all my
stuff. You take them. So, just go do
that. Go do that.
Can you go ahead and give me a short
concise synopsis on what this book is
and then how it can be applied to
algorithmic trading? I teach a RBI
system. Research, back, test, and
implement. Research starts with
listening to podcasts, reading books.
You're literally stealing people's
ideas. See if they work for you.
I think this is a good book.
Maybe it's not called that.
Steal like an artist.
Steal like an artist. It's a good book,
dude. Go read it. It's a really quick
read.
I think it's important. A lot of us uh
developers here, we're kind of like, oh,
I need to build something so unique and
it has to be mine and like that's really
just ego at the end of the day. Great
artist steal by Austin Cleon. It's
really called a steel like an artist is
a short punchy manifesto about creative
borrowing. The core idea is that nothing
is truly original. Nothing's original.
I'm not original. You're not original.
No thoughts are original. Sure, we have
some every once in a while. Every great
creator builds on what came before. This
is called emulating. This is how I've
had all my success in my entire life. I
told you I ran it up in the app store.
But how did I do it? I emulated. I found
good apps and I made them way better.
How am I running it up in algo trading?
I'm emulating. Okay, that's a nice big
word for stealing somebody's idea and
making it better.
Instead of waiting for a unique idea,
you study the people you admire, absorb
their influences, and remix
what you find into something reflects
your own perspective. It's called
emulating. Cleon frames this as not
plagiarism, but as the natural creative
process, trace, copy, internalize, and
transform. Applied to your RBI system,
this maps perfectly. In algorithmic
trading, stealing looks like this. You
hear a quant on a podcast mention they
use volatility regime filter. Yes,
exactly. entry mean reversion trades.
Okay, that's the steel. You don't copy
the exact system. You take the concept
back test whether it improves your
entries and if it do do it becomes part
of your edge. Simple. Some concrete
examples of stealable ideas from the
trading world.
Larry Connor publishes simple RSI based
mean reversion rules openly. So I I
share everything, but I'm not goat. I'm
not goat. There's goats out there that
share everything as well. in books,
podcasts. They're not going to give as
much, but they their goals. Steal the
logic. Test it. Test it on your
instruments. Trend following, funds,
publish, research, letters, and white
papers. The core mechanics, breakouts,
position sizing, correlation filters are
all stealable ideas. I have 30 trading
books in here. I got volume profile
right there. I got options, volatility,
and pricing right there.
I got machine learning for trading right
there.
Man,
all the secrets are in books, dude.
They're all in books and pods. That's
why if you look at the road map that you
do have now, moon.com/roadmap,
put in the API key I gave you.
These ideas are here for you. They're
there. It's just are you going to put
the work in? Most people won't put the
work in. RBI system is how you automate
your trading. This how the system I
follow. People, somebody asked me today
like, "Can you give me a strategy that
works?" This is the strategy that works.
No, it's not a plug-and-play bot, but
it's the strategy that works for me.
Process of automating your trading
starts with research of trading
strategies. Research those strategies,
find things that might work in the past,
then check to see if they actually work
in the past. If they do, they're not
guaranteed, but they're much more likely
to work in the future.
So, research, back test, incubate. Okay?
So after you find something that works
well in a back test and you incubate it
small size, you can see Google Scholar,
there's a plethora of PhD papers,
you got books on trading, you got
podcasts. I give you this road map for a
reason because I want you to steal these
ideas. I want you to take these ideas
and bring them to the next level because
these are literally from my notes from
going through the RBI process. So people
ask me for a book. This is better than a
book. This is better than a book.
But speaking of that, let's go ahead and
see if she can write a book. Can you go
ahead and start mapping out the outline
for a book based off of
moonv.com/roadmap?
Uh nice digestible book that people can
read on their couch on a lazy Sunday
might be another way to send this
information to them. You know, this is I
think the road map is better than a
book, but some people want to open up a
cozy book. So yeah, just go ahead and
start writing a book for me.
So, first build the outline. I'll check
out the outline and then you go ahead
and I'll make any updates I want to it.
But this is literally my entire process,
the RBI system. It's my strategy to
approaching algorithmic trading. I have
a bunch of ideas on there. I've got a
book list. So, again, steal like an
artist. Here's my books, Market Wizards,
Chat with Traders.
But I think this would be a very
interesting book to read. And I tried to
do this with open claw and it kind of
shot the bed. Just is what it is. I
think you can do this though. So, let's
go ahead and cook, gang.
All right, let's have her write a book.
Have her write a book. Why not?
Why not? Let's see how she's doing over
here on the Twitter thing. Too much
media, huh? Okay. I was hyping you up. I
was hyping you up, dude. Don't mess up
now. Okay. Look at this. So, this is
Claude and Chrome.
And again, I'm more bullish on claw and
chrome than open claw now. Open claw for
the future possibly. Yes. But again, for
the whole reason of being the AI model
is being built by the same company that
is building the tools, I'm very bullish
on that.
But this is pretty sick in my mind. You
now know how to use
claude code.
Mini Max Claude Code. You now know how
to use Claude Code. Much cheaper. And
you can see she she did great. I mean,
these are all her responses. Some AI
slop that looks just like Opus' AI slop.
Now, I'll take this to the next level
and just use this for the rest of the
day. But I do want to update you on this
one last thing because if you do want to
change back, this is how you change
back.
Super simple. Just edit the same
settings.json. So, I'm going to go ahead
and copy this. Just delete the Miniax
config, replace the whole thing, then
open a fresh terminal.
Oh, interesting. If you want to go back
and forth, easily save your Miniax
config as a backup file.
Okay, let's do that. Actually, let's do
that because then what happens is I'm
going to keep my $200 Claude code for
now. But hey, if it cooks, it cooks. And
honestly, that's my biggest worry with
with um
Anthropic.
It's my biggest worry. So, if we go here
to get exposure to Anthropic, it's like
Amazon and Zoom in my book. Okay. But
let's see how those go.
My biggest worry with Anthropic is that
they're going to get beat by China.
If China just keeps stealing their their
models, distilling them and making them
our own, like we're gonna use China's
models straight up. Like, throw a one in
the chat. If if this is if Miniax 2.5 or
2.8, if it becomes as good as Opus and
it's it's the same model, throw a one in
the chat. If it's just as good, will you
switch to it?
$10 verse 200. That's what I'm saying.
Like we have no loyalty to Anthropic. We
code with the best deal and the best
coder. That's it. If it's $10 a month
versus the 200, that right there is my
biggest worry with my anthropic thesis.
And you know me, I'm like trying to get
exposure to anthropic, you know, Amazon,
Zoom, whatever.
But that's my biggest worry is that they
might not make it. They might they might
just not make it. They probably will
because I think they're going to
captivate most of the world with when it
comes to like business, you know,
enterprise. I don't think enterprises
all trust China as sad as that is.
Whatever. But you just saw it here.
Everybody threw ones in the chat. Like
if it's a $200 plan for Cloud Code and
if Miniax
is 90% as good as Opus, yeah, we're
going to switch, dude. We're going to
switch. So, you know, you see Anthropic
complaining about China
distilling their models and stealing
their models. You also see Anthropic
saying no to, you know, whatever the
Department of War,
you know, I I respect that for sure, but
it's like, damn,
they know they're hot [__] right now,
but coming from a developer standpoint,
me and everybody in the chat,
it's like, yeah, you're sick, but at the
end of the day, if Miniax is just as
good and $10 versus 200, we're
switching. We're switching. So now you
know how to get Claude Code to be about
20x 10 to 20x cheaper. And the last
thing I want to do here is copy this
over and get this switch settings set up
because I think this is going to be
interesting. And I I'm very excited
about this actually because now we have
a not only a backup plan for when you
you run out of limit whatever
but this might be a possibility to just
switch off claude and dude that actually
is very very um I'm thinking this
through out loud with you but that's
scary to me. That's scary to me because
I've I'm very bullish. I'm bullish on
anthropic but that is the biggest
problem. Can you go ahead and set this
up so we're able to switch back and
forth between our Miniax 2.5 and Cloud
Code? And then go ahead. Yeah, set it
all up and then tell me step by step how
do I how do I switch? So, how can I
switch back to Claude from Miniax after
you set it up? It should be an easy
switch. Okay, so you saw the prompt that
I put in there just in case you want to
do this as well. I pretty much said this
whatever she said. Keep both if you want
to go back and forth easily. Save your
Miniax config as a backup file. Boom.
And I just sent it over to her.
Now I'll create the backup files. Okay.
Sick, dude.
So now I can switch between. And now you
know how to, too.
That's fire.
Yeah. I I I wonder I wonder if this is
going to stick, dude. Okay. Switch back.
How to switch between Miniax. Done.
You've switched to Okay, so this is how
you do it. Um
I'm just going to send that in when I
want to switch. But I think I'm going to
just use Miniax for the rest of the day.
Maybe for this week. I don't know if you
saw that, but I did cancel my Claude
plan. I had two for OpenClaw, one for
me, one for OpenClaw, and I just
canceled my second one. So in 5 days I
will be just one account again
and for my personal coding that's enough
for me.
Will you cancel open claw and move to
miniax? I have I use miniax on openclaw.
So openclaw is a free free uh framework
or whatever but um you have to use an AI
model for it. So I was using claude for
a bit and then I switched to miniax once
I found out about this. So, it's just
opus Opus is too expensive to be running
at scale.
You're welcome.
Let's see how this book is going.
Got everything on the road map. Here are
the sections are fully expanded. Here's
the book outline. Book outline. The algo
traders playbook. Stop guessing. Start
automating. Nice.
Why this book exists? The road map is
great, but some people want to curl up
with a book. This is that book. A casual
no fluff companion. The munda philosophy
of systematic emotion-free trading. The
introduction. The market is a war game.
Yeah, let's just go ahead and start
writing this, dude. Let's see. Please
write it.
write the full book
now and then give me a PDF.
I'll put it in the live section.
777. Thank you.
Look at this, dude. Guess what happens
today? I'm back. I'm back. Starting
today, at some point, my strike is
getting removed. So, this is good
because if I get one more strike, I'm
out for two weeks and then a another
strike after that, I'm out for ever.
So, it's actually I got on December 5th,
I got my last strike here. And um the
way YouTube works is they give you one
strike, they kick you off for a week. I
went ahead and got my strike and then I
went to I went on a trip. So that was
kind of nice. But um if I get another
strike, it's two weeks. So it's nice
that this expires here in um today at
some point. So congrats to me. Congrats
to you as well because keep it pushing
until I get kicked. Keep it pushing till
I get kicked. What's up Art? How are
you, dude? We just had a whole segment
about you.
We just had a whole segment about Art.
Good morning 777. That's happening more
and more often. Look at this oil, by the
way, based off of yesterday's um
analysis here.
We did the whole oil trade yesterday and
that looked uh looks pretty good. That
would have made somebody a billionaire.
5% move in oil. It's a lot.
That's a lot. We spent a lot of time on
that yesterday. Did I take the trade?
No.
But hopefully somebody did.
No, but don't trade. Don't trade based
off me though. So don't don't Yeah, I
hope I hope nobody did based off me. But
not a financial advisor, dude. Oh, I
want to get this twisted. I want to get
this twisted. Put those boys on an ad
because they've been here. There's so
much I have to show you here today.
Every single day I'm live, but I do
private lives in Zoom now. So, if you
want to chat with me and you want to see
all the code, you can see like some of
the code is blocked from your screen. I
just block it with this little thing
here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the
other day and it's because some I showed
something on my screen. So, there are
prying eyes that I can't I can't let see
everything. You can still listen to me,
of course, and you'll get some uh you
know, there'll be some breaks that you
won't be able to see everything, right?
Um, I'll I'll keep the live open for
YouTube, but there's going to be a block
on my screen and there's going to be um
these segments where I tell you about
jumping into the private stream because
if you jump into the private stream,
there's a link. It's at mundav.com and
you're going to get an API key to
Hyperlquid's data layer that I built
here and this is a direct node and you
literally can't get this data anywhere
else besides the API key that I drop in
the live stream. So you can see I'm able
to see all liquidation levels. I'm able
to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm able
to see OKX liquidations, everybody's
liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP
is Hyperliquid's market maker. I get to
see every single one of their trades. I
also get to see every single um win loss
analysis of every single trader. So you
can see this is trade history of
anybody. So, I can just call anybody's
address on Hyperlquid and see exactly
what trades they've made and when
they're making trades. This is stuff,
this is like a institutional grade API
that will cost more than $1,000 per
month and you actually get access when
you join one of my live streams. So,
every live stream I put down an API key,
but not only that, you also get the full
replay. Everybody wants replays of my
lives and you get a full free replay.
All you have to do is go to
moonondev.com and you're going to get a
replay of yesterday's stream which was
$5 and today's stream. So it's just five
bucks and you get all of that. But you
also get this API key and I said this is
going to be $1,000 plus per month. You
can see I have a smart money call. So
things that Wall Street is looking at I
we can all see with this API key. It's
Hyperlquid's data layer that I built
because I believe uh it needs a better
API in order to call things faster. I
was building out the quant app here that
is essentially looking at people's
liquidations and I ran into the problem
like I need this data faster. So I
launched a node and then I made it
available for everybody that comes into
the zooms each day. But again they're
private zooms only because I've got
people that are watching my screen
looking for me to drop a key, drop a AP
I, whatever and just some sort of
vulnerability. I got hacked. So, I just
can't show this live on YouTube anymore.
So, I cover my screen again like this.
I'll just have this up pretty much all
day. Uh these are my stats from the
previous week. Uh you can see my stats
there. Uh since everybody in YouTube,
they seem to just be coming by to see uh
what's in my pocket. So, um, since I
started trading with the Quant app,
which is pretty much my 5 years of
experience built into a downloadable
app, I did this because first off, I
don't believe in hand trading. I'm an
automated trader. But I looked at the
data and everybody's still using 40x
leverage. And I looked at I have over
150,000 people now follow me, 100,000 on
YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only a
small small percentage ever took me up
on the offer of learning how to code. I
teach you how to code and then automate
your trading. I used to teach that
stuff. Um but only a tiny tiny
percentage actually did did that. They
actually joined the boot camp and then
out of that maybe 50% of them actually
completed the boot camp. So I have the
data that 99% of people are just trading
by hand using 40x leverage. So I'm
trying to solve this problem, the 40x
leverage problem. Uh so I'm doing a
little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm
not able to enter positions without
liquidations happening. So, I'm really
just taking over people's liquidations.
And why am I taking over people's
liquidations? It's because that
Hyperlid, that's their strategy. So, if
you go to Hyperlquid here and you go to
Vaults here, their HLP provider,
they put in $1,000 into this HLP
provider and it's at $118 million.
That's why I built out this data layer
to watch every single one of their
moves. I know exactly what positions
they're they're doing. This is the HLP
dashboard. I mean, I know exactly when
they're entering, when they're exiting,
where they're sitting. I have a bunch of
calls that will go ahead and just keep
me uh into the know of what they're
doing. Plus, every other trader on
Hyperlid, Hyperlquid opened up the
financial system for the entire world.
And before this, there was no way for us
to see where people get liquidated. So,
based off of this premise, I've built
some really great automated trading
strategies. And since I am here now
building for the public, building for
those 40x hand traders, I built the
Quant app and I'm using that liquidation
strategy or one of the liquidation
strategies. Of course, there's still
intuition here. So, it's not like you
can download this Quant app and make a
million dollars. No way. There's still
some experience and intuition, but this
puts like bumpers around your trading.
You know, there's risk controls here. I
can never use more than X amount of my
account. I can't lose more than 3% of my
account in a day. Things like that that
are just hard to do as a hand trader. I
built into the coin app, but I think the
main feature is buying and selling
around people's liquidations. Nobody can
predict price. And if you think you can,
you're probably going to get smoked. I
think by now you realize that, hey,
within like a 1 2% range, it's really
hard to predict price. So instead of
predicting price, I'm predicting which
liquidation to buy. So, for example, I
could say when this guy gets liquidated
right here, I will buy a portion of my
portfolio, but instead of just saying,
"Hey, I'm going to buy now or sell now."
I'm just waiting for somebody to get
licked. So, it's just a quantitative
approach I'm trying to build into a
downloadable app because I realize 99%
of people are still trading by hand and
still using 40x leverage. So, if that's
the biggest problems trader traders
have, that was my biggest problem. I was
getting liquidated when I was using
leverage, but now I'm three plus weeks
in using 40x leverage. And if you go
look at my Twitter or on my screen right
now, you can see that this week I I had
a a nice return. I used 10K max size. So
a $4,900 or $4,900 return is about 49%.
That's amazing.
Is it going to work for you? I don't
know. I can't guarantee your results. I
don't know how you trade. I don't know
how risky you are, but I know that for
me with 40x leverage, I wouldn't last
more than 3 days and I'd be staring at
the screen the entire time.
So, so far so good. It's It's helped me
last 3 weeks and I'm up instead of blown
up. So, I don't know. But what this led
me to was, hey, I need these liquidation
this liquidation data way faster. With
the API, you can you can't get this data
this fast. You can see how it's changing
every second. I have a node launch. I'm
connected to the node and that node you
have all the data if you join the zooms,
the private zooms because you get a free
API key. You can see every single tick
data. If you're trading right now
algorithmically and you're not using
tick data, you're just missing out on a
huge edge because every tick matters.
It's not about open, high, low, close,
volume data. You need the tick data. So,
I've got the tick data for all tokens.
That's crazy. Just hit that API. So you
get the API key when you join. It's only
for people in the Zoom. I just launched
this data layer, so we're rolling it out
slowly. It's only for people in the
Zoom. If you want the API key, it's only
for Zoom people. You can see there's a
ton of other great things here like
liquidation, fetching people's
positions, the top 10 closest
liquidations to uh getting liquidated,
positions getting liquidated. So kind of
like what you see in the Quant app. But
yeah, I just wanted to give you an
update here. Um, you can just go to
moonondav.com and sign up for the live.
And the cool thing I do is I'm here
usually for a couple hours at least,
sometimes more, but you can see you get
a free API key and that's a $4,850
value for the Hyperlquid data layer. If
you want to go check out the docs as
well, mundave.comdoccks.
But I highly recommend just jump into
the live right now because I I
overloaded it with value.
You might have more talent than me. You
might be smarter than me. But if we get
on the treadmill together, right?
There's two things. You're getting off
first or I'm going to die.
It's really that simple.
Now, the p page might look different
than this if you're if it's today, but
hey, you know, it's every single day
around 7 a.m. Eastern. I'm here for 2 to
7 hours. And the cool thing is is if you
get in before the end of the Zoom, you
get yesterday's full replay as well. So
you get a replay from yesterday and you
get today's free replay. So if it's if
you still see me on if you still see me
on, you know, you can get in and you can
get that day's full replay and
yesterday's full replay. And then on top
of that, if you get in to the Zoom
before it's over, you get the API key.
So every single day I'm dropping a new
API key. So, that's just a nice little
incentive for you to make sure to
actually show up. But, as you can see,
you're going to get my full private
stream. This means you get to chat with
me all day long.
You get to ask me anything in the Zoom
chat. That's the chat I look at. Those
are the people that are on in the inner
circle. Those are the people that I want
to be speaking to. So, if you join the
private live by clicking the link going
to moonunddev.com,
you get for $5, a $5 foot long, you get
number one, you get the Zoom access, so
you get to chat with me live all day
long. You get the full stream, you get
to see all the code. You don't have this
big thing on your screen anymore. Like,
you have that on your screen. So, you
can't see my code because I can't have
outsiders see my code because I got
hacked. So, you get the full stream
access. You get Zoom chat access. You
can ask me anything. Okay, those both
independently are worth more than $5,
right? People pay me thousands of
dollars to consult, but you get to ask
me all day long questions that you have.
So, jump in right now because you get
the full stream, you get full chat, you
get full replays. So, you get
yesterday's replay as well. So, people
paid five bucks to get in yesterday. You
get that full replay. You get today's
full replay. You get the API key if
you're in the Zoom before the end of it.
I'll throw the API key every single day.
I put a new API key in there. You get
yesterday's replay. You get today's
replay.
You get your ticket for today. You can
ask questions. You can watch the replay
anytime forever. There's a 90-day money
back guarantee. So, if you're sitting on
YouTube, Twitter right now, and you
really want to learn from me, dude, jump
into the chat right now. Jump into it's
mundev.com. Jump into the Zoom chat. you
get full replay access. And then on top
of all that, I'm just trying to make
this better and better because all I'm
trying to do is are weed out the haters.
I want to I only want people that are
actually here trying to build systems
chasing Jim Simons. I'm building a
system chasing Jim Simons. He built he
ran up a net worth of $31 billion. I
can't have people around me that are not
serious. So, if you're serious, $5
should be absolutely nothing to you. And
there's a 90-day money back guarantee.
So, if you think it's a trash stream or
it's not worth it or for whatever reason
you didn't get a go, um it didn't work
out for you, you whatever reason you
want your money back, it's 100% 90-day
money back guarantee. This day is going
to be different every day. This this
page may look a little different, but
every single day we're only doing
private streams because I cannot share
this with the entire world. So, go there
right now. Go to your browser, type in
mundave.com.
I promise you it'll be worth it. If it's
not, you get your money back, no
questions asked. You get the free API
key. You get the full stream. You get to
see all the code that I was on my
screen. You're not going to have this
block on it anymore.
You're going to be able to live chat
with me. Ask me any questions. Free
consulting essentially. That's insane,
dude. Plus, you get the replays from
yesterday and today. So, click that
link, join right now, and I'll see you
inside the stream. Dude, there is so
much I have to show you here today.
every single day I'm live, but I do
private lives in Zoom now. So, if you
want to chat with me and you want to see
all the code, you can see like some of
the code is blocked from your screen. I
just block it with this little thing
here. Um, the reason is I got hacked the
other day and it's because some I showed
something on my screen. So, there are
prying eyes that I can't I can't let see
everything. You can still listen to me,
of course, and you'll get some uh you
know, there'll be some breaks that you
won't be able to see everything, right?
Um, I'll I'll keep the live open for
YouTube, but there's going to be a block
on my screen and there's going to be um
these segments where I tell you about
jumping into the private stream because
if you jump into the private stream,
there's a link. It's at mundav.com and
you're going to get an API key to
Hyperlquid's data layer that I built
here and this is a direct node and you
literally can't get this data anywhere
else besides the API key that I drop in
the live stream. So you can see I'm able
to see all liquidation levels. I'm able
to see uh Binance liquidations. I'm able
to see OKX liquidations, everybody's
liquidations. I'm able to watch HLP. HLP
is Hyperlquid's market maker. I get to
see every single one of their trades. I
also get to see every single um win loss
analysis of every single trader. So you
can see this is trade history of
anybody. So, I can just call anybody's
address on Hyperlquid and see exactly
what trades they've made and when
they're making trades. This is stuff,
this is like a institutional grade API
that will cost more than $1,000 per
month and you actually get access when
you join one of my live streams. So,
every live stream I put down an API key,
but not only that, you also get the full
replay. Everybody wants replays of my
lives and you get a full free replay.
All you have to do is go to
moonondev.com and you're going to get a
replay of yesterday's stream which was
$5 and today's stream. So it's just five
bucks and you get all of that. But you
also get this API key and I said this is
going to be $1,000 plus per month. You
can see I have a smart money call. So
things that Wall Street is looking at I
we can all see with this API key. It's
Hyperlquid's data layer that I built
because I believe uh it needs a better
API in order to call things faster. I
was building out the quant app here that
is essentially looking at people's
liquidations and I ran into the problem
like I need this data faster. So I
launched a node and then I made it
available for everybody that comes into
the zooms each day. But again they're
private zooms only because I've got
people that are watching my screen
looking for me to drop a key, drop a AP
I, whatever and just some sort of
vulnerability. I got hacked. So, I just
can't show this live on YouTube anymore.
So, I cover my screen again like this.
I'll just have this up pretty much all
day. Uh these are my stats from the
previous week. Uh you can see my stats
there. Uh since everybody in YouTube,
they seem to just be coming by to see uh
what's in my pocket. So, um, since I
started trading with the Quant app,
which is pretty much my five years of
experience built into a downloadable
app, I did this because first off, I
don't believe in hand trading. I'm an
automated trader. But I looked at the
data and everybody's still using 40x
leverage. And I looked at I have over
150,000 people now follow me, 100,000 on
YouTube, 50,000 on Twitter, and only a
small small percentage ever took me up
on the offer of learning how to code. I
teach you how to code and then automate
your trading. I used to teach that
stuff. Um but only a tiny tiny
percentage actually did did that. They
actually joined the boot camp and then
out of that maybe 50% of them actually
completed the boot camp. So I have the
data that 99% of people are just trading
by hand using 40x leverage. So I'm
trying to solve this problem, the 40x
leverage problem. Uh so I'm doing a
little bit of kind of hand trading. I'm
not able to enter positions without
liquidations happening. So, I'm really
just taking over people's liquidations.
And why am I taking over people's
liquidations? It's because that
Hyperlquid, that's their strategy. So,
if you go to Hyperlquid here and you go
to vaults here, their HLP provider,
they put in a thousand. So,
I don't know. I just don't recommend it
for somebody just getting started. Like,
I'm five years in and just thinking
about getting into it.
volatile for BTC right now. Let's see
what's going on with the people's
positions on BTC.
So 2% away 2%. Yeah, people are about to
get smoked.
0.9 1.0. So we got a 8 point $1 million
liquidation here and 0.5%. That will be
very um interesting.
It's oil, dude.
Look at that BTC liquidation here. So,
you can see somebody levered up because
they're a hand trader clearly and they
said, "Hey, the price is going up. Let
me go ahead and take a $8.1 million
position here." And he gets liquidated
at 71221.
221. Throw a one in the chat if you
think he's going to get liquidated here
on the Zoom today. Throw a one in the
chat if you think he's getting
liquidated.
221.
Okay. I think so. 71 221 one. Okay. So,
let's see if he gets licked, dude.
So, there's multiple ways to trade this.
And that's the thing is like people ask
like, "How do I trade liquidations?" I
trade both ways.
Trade both ways
cuz sometimes it's a momentum thing,
sometimes it's a uh capitulation trade.
So, everybody else thinks that he's not
getting liquidated.
Revert after his liquidation.
Interesting. Okay. I mean, that is a big
lick. We'll see. Let's see who else is
below here, though.
So, 8.1 and4%. Okay. That guy's gone,
too. 98K. That's not big. Okay. And
these guys, you're saying it might be
safe right there. We'll see. We'll see
if he gets licked. First off, this looks
pretty heavy. Looks like he's about to
get smoked. Yeah, he's gone. He's out of
here. This is going to move, too. Off 8
million. An 8 million
liquidation is not small. Especially
right now, dude. Especially right now.
We'll see. Sometimes that big of a
position is um
like uh somebody that knows something
too. So
All right, here he goes, dude. Here he
goes.
Here he goes, dude.
It's game time.
Look at oil.
There he goes, dude. It's about to be a
mover. Let's go to five minute chart.
212 or something.
8 million one two 7121
221. Jesus, dude. I can't I can't say
numbers. What up, pony? How are you,
bro?
My number reading is so off. Just I see
him backwards sometimes and I say them
backwards, so my bad. But u it is what
it is. We all got all the excuses in the
world why we can't do it things, but I
know we can. We can do anything. So,
this oil is going crazy and BTC is
getting smoked.
It's interesting. Is there some sort of
play there? Like again, going back to
the whole airdrop forming, XYZ is
something. How did you get six clock
codes stacked like this you had in the
browser? Um, this is um my app. So, I
just built an app for it. You actually
have access to the app, too. So when you
log in here today, you do get a a
airdrop of the app.
So that's Yeah, that's just the app.
I'll drop it in the chat one more time
or multiple times probably.
He's right there. He's sweating. You
know he's staring at the chart right
now. You know he's staring at the chart.
You know he's sitting right at the chart
sweating. Here he goes.
Are they going to save him?
Oh, look at this short, too. A $14
million short. Trying to crush him.
Trying to crush him. Trying to take his
life savings.
Goodbye, sir. It's been fun.
I mean, look at this, dude. This is why
you can't trade by hand because as a
human, you see price go up and you long
with your life savings and then you just
get smoked.
So, rest in peace. Let's throw some 777s
for him. 777 to that guy. Much love.
Thank you. Thank you. Oh boy. He's gone.
Just got liquidated.
He just got liquidated. So that should
update here in a second. And he might
not get fully liquidated because
Hyperlid is nice and they'll only partly
liquidate you.
But
good vibes.
Good vibes.
It's good vibes. It's good vibes.
Yeah, he's out of here, dude. See if
this updates.
Damn, he was buying at 11:07. Jesus,
dude.
Yeah, he's gone. Look, he's gone. He's
not on there anymore. They took him out.
That's what happens when you trade by
hand. You make emotional decisions.
Like, no bot is going to go ahead and
maybe they will buy a breakout, sure,
but they're not going to hold it for two
days.
That's why I think it's essential if you
are a hand trader right now, you step
away from the charts because he was
buying literally an hour ago. He's
buying right here. He's like, "Buy the
dip. Buy the dip the on the five
minute." But you can't see that stuff.
You're too You're like you're emotional.
You can't think clearly. I literally I
want to do this one more time. Can you
talk to me about the amydala and why the
emotional
when your emotions go off like it's a
shorter path or something to Yeah. How
does that how do you say that? It's a
shorter path than your logical in your
brain. Something with the amigdula. Be
short and concise. Thank you. Cuz I
think this is very interesting. You
know, I told you about the Stanford
professor that
I was so fortunate enough to watch on
YouTube.
It's called the amygdala hijack. A term
coined by
psychologist Daniel Goldman. Here's the
basic wiring. Sensory information coming
into your brain has two routes it can
take. The short route goes directly from
the the phalamus
>> phalamus.
>> The phalamus your brain's relay station
straight to your amydala.
The long route goes to prefrontal cortex
logical thinking to amydala. The short
route is faster because it skips
thinking brain entirely. Your amigdala
gets the signal f first and can trigger
a fear threat response which is good
sometimes but not a good good in
training before your rational brain has
even process what's happening.
Goldman called this the neural hijack.
Your emotions literally fire before
logic has a chance to even weigh in. The
evolutionary reason is survival, which
is good. If you're a caveman and
something moves in the bushes, you need
to react now, not after you thought it
through. The amydala doesn't wait for
context.
The problem in modern life is that your
brain can't easily tell the difference
between a physical threat and an
emotional one. So the same fast-paced
response that saved your ancestor from a
predator a predator is what fires when
somebody disrespects you in a meeting or
you take a bad trade. Your heart rate
spikes, cortisol floods in, and rational
thinking goes offline. All before
prefrontal cortex gets a word in the
practical takeaway, the pause before you
react is literally your logical brain
catching your emotional one. So what
does this mean for hand traders and how
does it um affect you know day trading?
Short, concise. Thank you.
For hand traders, this is basically the
number one reason people blow up
accounts. When a trade goes against you,
the amigdala fires first. The fast
emotional path triggers before your
logical prank brain can say this is
within my risk parameters hold the plan.
So you freeze, revenge trade, move your
stop-loss, or panic close. All
emotionally driven decisions that bypass
your actual strat.
The most common manifestations in day
trading is revenge trading. We've all
done that. Taking a loss personally and
immediately re-entering to get it back.
I don't know about you, dude, but I did
that all the time when I was a hand
trader.
You lose a trade and you immediately buy
back or you short again immediately.
Moving stops, rationalizing why this
time the trade will come back.
Oversizing after a win. Euphoria is also
amigdula response, not just fear.
choking on the trigger, seeing the
perfect setup, and freezing because
recent losses have your threat response
on high alert. The cruel irony is that
the faster and more volatile the market,
the more your amigdala gets triggered,
which is exactly when you need your
prefrontal cortex most. What actually
helps is building out systems that
remove the decision in the moment.
predefined entries, stops, sizing your
logical sizing so your logical brain
does the work before the amygdala can
hijack anything. That's essential when
algorithmic trading and rules-based
trading does essentially what algorith
algorithmic and rules-based trading
does. It takes all this hard work of
like your brain's literally trying to
help you survive.
Your RBI system is the direct antidote
to this. If you researched and back
tested and implementation phase is just
execution, not making decisions under
emotional fire. Let's go ahead and build
something off this. This is kind of
dope.
Can you go ahead and make a infographic
of this and walk them down through how
the brain works and then the ultimate
ending will be the RBI system leading to
trading bots.
Make it a nice square or a tall
rectangle. I don't know. Make it a nice
image though. Don't hold back on design.
I truly believe in what you're building
and want to stay involved long term.
Let's get it. Thank you, Art. Much love
to you.
Studying
emotional
trading.
So, you can see the $14 million short is
still here. And that's what I was saying
is sometimes these guys kind of control
the market. You can see he was selling
at 1108. So when this guy that we don't
see anymore because he got he lost $8
million.
If he would have if he would have joined
my lifetime program, dude, he would not
have lost $8 million. That's why the
price for my program is actually insane
because if you are trading any sort of
size, that price is nothing.
That guy literally lost $8 million. And
I literally could have saved $8 million
for him. That's why if anything, the
price is just going to keep going up. So
if you're in,
you're lucky. The price is just going to
keep going up. The more I see people
lose a million, 2 million, 5 million, 8
million, I'm just going to keep
increasing the price, dude. I'm going to
keep increasing the price because I know
how life-changing what I teach is. And I
I can I have like verifiable like dude
if he would have followed the RBI system
he would not have lost $8 million. How
much has
overall how much is Michael Sailor down?
Because this is how I value things,
dude. Because I know some of you are
like lowkey you're millionaires and some
are somebody out there's a billionaire.
So this guy strategy holds 720,000
for a total cost of this.
Bitcoin is at what price is it for real?
71 gang.
Bitcoin's at 71,000. Be short and
concise how much he's down.
He says 2K for life. Better decision.
Yes, sir. Take my money. Bitcoin is
actually trading at 71,000. Okay, so
strategy is down.
Oh, they're up. Never mind.
Couldn't help him. Couldn't help him buy
the lows.
Take all that back.
Look at this, dude. Kelly was right on.
It literally reversed right where the
whale got liquidated.
And look at this.
So did oil.
Huh.
That's interesting. Oil reversed at the
exact same time
that BTC did and BTC reversed based off
of this capitulation.
It's very interesting, dude.
So, there's a play here of Sat between
oil and BTC almost. I don't know. Maybe
long story short, if Michael Sailor
would have followed the RBI system,
this guy would be up so much more than
he is and this stock would look entirely
different. So, you know where my mind's
at, dude. I'm trying to compete with the
biggest companies in the world. I'm try
I'm trying to be on Amazon's level.
So, that's why I laugh when people are
like, "It's too expensive. what you're
teaching is too it's too much for me.
It's like bro
my clientele is this
and if you're able to afford it then you
get what these guys should be doing.
Micro strategy should be following the
RBI system and just apply it only to
Bitcoin. If they would do that they
would be up so much more than they are
because they wouldn't be buying at the
top of these charts. It's crazy. Energy
and intelligence are the currency.
If 450 then 3740 400 everyone will
expect 400. I think BTC is going to a
million but I've been saying that since
so I don't know. I think it's going to a
million at some point.
So let's look at this infographic we
just built.
Let's go to downloads.
For some reason, it takes hella long to
download these. So, understanding the
amigdula hijacked in trading from
emotional chaos to systematic trading
bots. The brain, the thamus, the relay
station, the problem, emotional
reaction, the amydala hijacked.
Sensory input. Seeing the charts, short
path, instant survival, no thinking,
amigdula, emotional center, trading
consequences of the hijack, revenge
trading, panic, closing, moving stops,
oversizing, choking on the trigger, the
long path, the pref prefrontal cortex,
sensory input, scene chart. Okay. Then
we go to the phalamus, prefrontal
cortex, prefrontal cortex, amydala, long
path, slow analysis, context, logical
trading,
following risk plan, objective
evaluation, disciplined execution,
patience, the antidote, research, backed
investing, RBI system, predefined rules,
datadriven decisions, set stop-loss,
take profit, fixed position sizing, back
tested strategy, run whatever that says.
Ultimate
Indian trading bots. Emotionless
execution. Fast and accurate. Perfect
strategy implementation. Scalable. Okay,
that's not bad for AI slot. Not bad.
It's not bad. It's not the best, but
Not bad. Not bad.
Energy already is one of the top AI
constraints. What do you think of the
energy the when do you think when do you
think that energy will be the currency?
Can you share that in the chat? Yeah,
absolutely, dude.
Do you think the US is going to need to
import energy? I actually don't know any
of that.
All right. I'm going to I'm going to
spend the last few minutes here to go
over the offer I have for you guys
today. mundab.com/win here. This is how
to get access to everything. Uh somebody
already joined, they said. So, welcome
in. He just joined this. Um he made a
good decision. He was a member already
and he saw that this is a lifetime offer
and lifetime offers come very rarely.
So, you're going to get the algo trade
camp which shows you step by step how to
automate your trading
even if you don't know how to code.
I didn't know how to code either, dude.
But I hold your hand now step by step in
the process of automating your trading.
There's nowhere on the internet that
does this
$3,000 value obviously because I could
have saved billions of dollars for Micro
Strategy. I we saw that guy got
liquidated for $8 million. I could have
saved him $8 million.
So saying this, the $3,000 value is
undervalued. You also get the AI master
classes. If you don't know how to code,
that's okay. We have AI do all the heavy
lifting for us.
It's another $1,000 value. This is a
full course that shows you how to use
AI. Then I show you two full courses of
how to build on Solana. This is super
hard to build, but I make it super easy
for you. It's a $1,500 value, but this
is transformational, dude. I show you
step by step how to automate your
trading.
This is exactly what Jim Simons did in
order to run up a net worth of $31
billion. If Michael Sailor would have
used the system that I show here, he
would have saved billions of dollars. If
that guy we watched today would have
used my system that I teach step by step
in the algo trade camp, he would have
literally saved $8 million.
You see why it's worth 3,000, right? You
see why this is worth a,000, right?
Being able being able to trade on Solana
and any exchange, you see why that's
worth 1500, right? On top of that, I
give you the Polymarket trading bot
course. So, I figured out how to build
bots for poly for poly market and I show
you how to build four different bots
and some of those ideas are doing really
well for me. So, nothing's plug-andplay
here. Don't expect that. But I can show
you how to build everything and save you
5 years of time. You also get unlimited
private Zoom calls. So, all of these
calls, you know, they're going to cost
$5 to $20 every single day to get on one
of these. So, thank you for logging in.
And um if you want access forever, just
jump into the lifetime today. It's a
$9,000 value cuz I literally could have
saved homeboy that we watched today. $8
million. $8 million. We called that
exactly. He's going to get liquidated.
And Kelly said it's going to reverse
right after.
Could have saved him $8 million with the
exact short concise videos I I give you
today if you join. So saying this is
only a $10,000 value is cap, bro.
Because on top of that, I give you five
years of code back test bots. You saw me
scroll through it. Somebody already
joined here today. He said he joined
because he's been a member for a long
time and he may have joined the boot
camp in the back in the day and he saw
that, hey, this is a lifetime offer.
People are paying $3,500 a year for this
because I literally give you all my
code. Everything I figure out, I put in
here. Same with my team. The people that
I hired to help me chase Jim Simons, you
get all of that output as well. So
that's I'm paying for that every single
day. You see why people were paying me,
right?
So, you get lifetime access to
everything above and then anything new
that is dropped ever. You never have to
pay me anything ever again. You can see
why this is a $13,000 value because
we're really stepping on the gas here.
But on top of that, I throw in my Mundav
Vault. This has all of my deleted
videos. It's 2.2 terabytes of video
videos, different Zooms, different live
streams. You want the past live streams,
you have them all here. I just throw
that in as a bonus. $2,500 value. But
the Mundv API key is crazy that I give
you this for free. A free bonus, dude.
It's $10,000 value because if you go to
Coin Glass and try to get just the
liquidation data, let's not even mention
all the hyperlid stuff or the AI. Don't
even mention that with API key. Just the
liquidation data costs $900 per month
for 12 days of data. But I give you 18
months of data. So saying this is a
$10,000 value is low as well. 900 time
12. Okay, do the math there. And they
give you 12 days of data. I give you 18
months. Go to Coin Glass. I give it to
you for free and you get the API key.
Hyperlid data layer unlimited calls. You
get your private key. You don't have to
share it with anybody. That's a bonus.
And then on top of that, I give you my
GitHub, the actual GitHub that I load up
and I upload to every single day. Dude,
you have access to that. And then my AI
agent GitHub as well. So, I have a
Trading Bot GitHub and an AI agent
GitHub. Those are my two GitHubs. my two
personal GitHubs you have access to and
I'm gonna keep cooking, dude. I'm
cooking every single day and I'm gonna
keep uploading.
Now, on top of that, you saw Quant App
access that literally we watched that
guy lose $8 million because we can see
his position. If you feel like you've
been hunted before, you're getting
hunted. You're right. You're right.
You're right. You're getting hunted even
by retail now. We're retail, but now we
have the access that Wall Street never
would want us to have.
You get access to that as well. It's all
lifetime. Never pay me again for
anything. thing. It's a $48,000 value.
I'm not going to charge you all that.
I'm not even going to charge you 24,000.
That's 50% off. I'm not even going to
charge you 75,000 70 3 7 3 7 3 7 3 7 3 7
3 7 3 7 3 7 3 7 3 75% off with 12,000.
Dude, in reality, I should be charging
between$7,000 and $12,000. I should make
you get on a phone call after you apply.
I should go ahead and ask you a ton of
questions. I should warm you up here and
just have you go through a setter, talk
to them, see if you're a right fit. then
maybe talk to a salesperson and then
maybe a third call with me. I I should
do that. That's what everybody else is
doing.
But I'm serious about this game, dude. I
can't I can't I can't do time. I can't
have a team that's like doing sales and
I'm not going to do that. I'm also just
not going to charge you all that. I want
you to be able to get in here. I believe
Code's a great equalizer. If you get
caught up to speed with me,
then you're an asset to the whole
community. And you can see hundreds of
people like yourself that have gone
through here and had success. Whether
they're absolute beginners, never coded
a day in their life, or like this guy,
he's already a coder. You can scroll
through there. It's unbelievable value.
It's $48,000 value at least. But I'm
just going to make it a onetime
investment of $1,795. It's onetime.
mundave.com/go.
But not only that, you have 90 full days
to check everything out so you can be an
informed buyer.
There's the link, mundave.com/go
if you want to join right now.
Remember, there's a 90-day no questions
asked money back guarantee.
I'll hang out here, answer any questions
you have.
Thank you for coming through today.
mundave.comgo.
So all you have to do is type in
moonave.com/go
go on over here see everything that you
get get the algo trade camp that's going
to hold your hand step by step through
the process automating your training get
the AI master classes that's going to
show you how to use AI for all the heavy
lifting you don't even need to know how
to code anymore dude I'll show you how
to code it's super simple it's going to
take some time of course but in reality
I don't even code anymore so you can see
you just go over here you click the big
green button
That will open up a Stripe page and you
have all the payment options in the
world, dude. So, you can use a card, you
can use Google Play Pay, you can even
use CLA if you're in the United States.
This is a pretty nice deal as well
because you can get it down to $86 a
month for five years of knowledge. Now,
it's not going to take you five years to
get cops with me. It's going to take you
a couple months. So, ask yourself this.
If all this program did was help you
build one profitable trading bot that
you can run for the rest of your life,
would it be worth $1,795?
A small investment in yourself for a new
way to trade? I spent $2,000 when I was
a kid on buying a course and I ran up
millions off of it. So, I'm a big
believer in buying people's knowledge
because that's buying your time back.
Jeff Bezos, Mark Zuckerberg, all these
guys, they buy their time back. They
read books. They investigate. They buy
courses. They hire consultants. Anything
to buy your time back because your time
is your most valuable asset. And I think
we all know that. So, you do have an
opportunity to get five years of your
time back. You have option A to log off
right now, say, "Hey, this was cool, but
I'm going to go back to hand trading."
Be emotional about trading and lose all
your money. Or option B, test it out for
90 days. You got 90 days to try it out.
It's a 90-day money back guarantee. and
I'm here every day, so it's not like I'm
going anywhere. We don't ask any
questions. We just send your money back.
You get Quant Elite, which has all of my
code from the last 5 years, and I keep
uploading more. And then you also have
my GitHubs, and then you also get your
own API key. This is crazy that I give
this to you as a bonus, but you do get
it as a bonus. And you get the Moonva.
If you have any questions, let me know.
You get the Mundav app access as well.
You can see hundreds of people just like
yourself have found me on the internet.
So, I big ups to you really because you
found me. You're a data dog. You're a
researcher and I know we're a little
weird about money, but money is good.
It's a tool. It's a tool of exchange. If
I have something that you don't know and
you want to know it and you could just
throw a little bit of cash, I'll tell
you everything, dude. Cuz money is going
to replenish. And you know that money
always comes back.
Money always comes back.
And the way I look at it, dude, all I
have to do to pay this off is stop one
bad habit. So, I'm sure you have bad
habits as well, right?
My bad habit is ordering Uber Eats. I
cut that off. I pay this off in a month.
So, think about your bad habits. Know
for a fact that money will replenish.
Break a bad habit. Boom. Implement a
good habit. Change your life. A bad
habit of yours is trading. Trading by
hand. When we have the actual proof,
we have the actual proof. You have the
actual data that trading by hand does
not work. And then I have the data from
back tests that show that using more
than 4x leverage, 5x leverage, you're
cooked no matter what.
You might not know that, but you will
know these things once you start back
testing. I'll show you how to find great
ideas and I'll show you how to back
test. And if those back tests do well,
I'll show you how to build a bot just
like I showed all of these people over
the past couple years.
I know we have AI now. So, I show you
how to use AI to really step on the gas.
I'm one of the first people, one of the
first developers to use AI. Seriously, I
got dragged for two years and now all
those people that drag me, they're like,
"Hey, have you ever heard of Claude Code
before?"
So, don't be one of those excuse makers
because we know there's two people, two
types of people in this world, money
makers and excuse makers. And I think
you're a money maker. Information alone
is not going to do it for you. You need
a community to help you get to your
goals. You need stepby-step short
concise videos like this one. That's
cool. One of my bots I set up watching
you is pretty profitable. That is cool.
Thanks, dude.
There are two different payment options
here. If you'd like to break it into two
payments of 949, that's fine. There's a
90-day money back guarantee. So, you
literally have the opportunity to jump
in for $9.49,
check it out for 30 days, and then if
it's not for you, you don't even have to
pay the second payment. Boom. That's
pretty far. Hands down the best decision
I made.
You overd delivered. I want you to say
goodbye to the the stressful way of
trading. There's a better way to trade
and we know that.
We know that, right?
Citadel, Jane Street. What do they do?
Are they hand traders? No.
Just say goodbye to that old way of
trading. You found me somehow. And this
is the last step. This is the last step,
dude.
All you got to do is make one good
decision.
And you know it's risk- free, right?
It's a 90-day money back guarantee. 100%
risk- free.
Put down a little bit of cash and
investment in yourself. You deserve it,
dude. You deserve to leave that
stressful, anxietyridden life.
That's hand trading. It's too emotional.
We saw the We saw the data about the
amydala today. That was pretty far. It's
true.
Just fire is quicker. It's a shorter
path. You're going to get emotional and
it's going to keep happening and you're
going to get emotional. Be like, "Oh, I
want to take this trade and get smoked."
You'll probably lose more than $1,700.
The boot camp was the kick in the ass
that I needed.
I show you absolutely everything. If you
do want to get caught up to speed with
me, you can go to mundev.com/go,
join right now, and know that you have
90 days to check it out.
Right now, you might be an emotional
trader. You might be spending all your
days staring at the charts, ignoring
friends, ignoring family, staring at the
charts, always in a trade, going long,
and then going short, and then going
long, and then losing all your money,
then going long again. And it's just
it's a sad cycle. And once you break
free from it, you're going to feel
better.
You're going to be less anxious.
Your days are going to be better.
you're going to finally be compounding.
That's the saddest thing about traders,
dude, is we're some of the most
ambitious,
confident people in the world.
But we spend all of our time staring at
these charts trying to guess. This is
gambling. This is gambling. It's a slot
machine.
You saw the brain doesn't function like
that.
Trading is meant to speed you up.
speed you up and take all of your money
because literally our brains are wired
to survive.
Look, I've been here for 5 years, dude.
I've been researching, building,
automating. There's a lot that I know
and I can teach you in a short, concise
manner.
I'm chasing Jim Simons. He's a 31
billion man.
I don't need $31 billion.
I believe code's great equalizer.
The way I looked at this is, hey, best
case scenario, I'll have a bunch of
automated trading bots that could print
money for me for the rest of my life.
This was 5 years ago.
Worst case scenario, I know how to code
and I can build forever.
Now, I'm grateful that the best case
scenario happened. But like, let's say,
you know, tomorrow trading is banned
across the world. I still have a skill
that nobody could ever take from me. I
could build for the rest of my life.
Whatever you want to build, websites,
apps, sas, anything, dude. That's just a
that's just a bonus. That's a bonus to
me just from learning how to code and
build bots. That's just a bonus. That's
a good fall back. So, if you're on the
fence right now, just know that you have
90-day money back guarantee. You'll
actually be able to learn everything in
that 90 days. And then, hey, if it's not
for you, just get your money back. But
still, you put down a little bit of cash
and you learned a skill that nobody can
ever take from you. You will be a
powerful algorithmic trader by the end
of this.
Anyone in doubt, it's definitely worth
it. I was in doubt myself, but when I
pulled the trigger, I was happy I did.
It's not a sales pitch by any means,
just my personal opinion. The boot camp
put me six months ahead. Kyler once came
to me and said, "Bro, my anxiety, you
changed my life. I was anxious before
and now I'm just compounding. I'm
building." If you want to break into
algo trading, learn how to build your
own bots and and learn how to algo
trade. It even focuses on crypto and
applies to all markets. So, you can
apply everything to all markets.
Mundub's very involved with the
community.
Life-changing education.
This guy's a software developer ahead of
me and I still helped him. Literally a
treasure for me. Thank you. This guy is
73 years old. I helped him as well. So,
it doesn't matter if you are a brand new
to this or you're 73 years old.
Susan says, "Relaunch the lifetime in
two months, please, when I have the
money."
What are you waiting for?
Material in the course is everything one
needs to get started in this unique and
secretive industry. And it's truly
amazing. You know, Jim Simons tells us
every day, if everybody else is doing it
one way, don't do it. Don't do it that
way. Everybody else is trading by hand.
And then the algorithmic traders that
are out there, you know what they do?
They hide all this from you. They they
say that you can't do this.
They tell you that, "Oh, you didn't go
to Stanford or Harvard. You can't do
this." I know for a fact you can because
I got held back in seventh grade. Dude,
how embarrassing is that to get held
back in seventh grade? Come on, dude.
I'm here. I'm locked.
I got boss training for me 24/7. If I
can do it, you can do it. and I can
catch you up to speed quick. Boot camp
is great. I've learned so much. I
recommend the boot camp if you want to
learn quickly.
Buy his course. Learn the basics. If you
want to build a bot,
there's a ton of alpha in this boot
camp. Mund goes above and beyond to
deliver throughout the course.
I'll check out the option that you gave.
There you go. Two payment option here is
nice. And then um if you are going to
take action, I don't want to promote
credit to anybody that's not gonna do
it. But I didn't have $2,000 when I was
a kid. So I used a credit card. I ran it
up off that. But I'm the type of person
that will actually take action. So I
would never want to promote credit to
anybody that's just going to dabble. You
know, there are two types of people in
this world. Doers and dabblers. If
you're a doer, then this price, you
shouldn't even think about the price
because if you're a doer, that means
you're trading and you're 99% chance
you're losing money trading.
So, let's approach trading differently
and only trade systems that you know
work.
So, that's why I show you in the boot
camp. I show you step by step how to
find strategies that actually work.
how to prove it to yourself so you can
build your confidence and then build
bots for them. I'll show you exactly how
to find strategies. I'll show you
exactly how to back test those
strategies
and I'll show you how to automate them
into trading bots. Man, I'm feing on
that email back. Yo, you know, you can
type this in as well.
So, on the thank you page, it should
have showed that, but uh try it out.
try it out. So, you go to the uh when
you do join here today, just go to the
public chat here and say, "I just
joined.
I just joined."
And then you'll have a
automated and it works most of the time.
Sometimes it won't, but
it should work for you if you did just
join.
Much appreciated. When one of your team
of doctors says your seven months pass
when you're projected to pass away, it
kind of puts into perspective that
there's people that deserve to know that
I probably would have passed if it
wasn't for people like you. My bots I
made from your ideas combined with mine
paid off $186,000
of medical bills in the last quarter of
2023. So, I really just got to say out
of everyone I've ever come across,
you've done the most to keep me alive
and out of millions in debt. And I'll
never forget that. Just like you, you
know, I don't run ads or anything like
that. just like you. He found me. I
changed his life with this. This is
life-changing material. If you put it to
action, if you're just gonna buy it and
not do anything, you can't expect any
results, right?
But if you actually want to automate
your trading and chase Jim Simons with
me, there's literally no place on the
internet that shows you step by step and
as indepth as I do. You can see the
hundreds of people that have said great
things. You can see exactly what you
get. If you have questions, feel free to
ask me. I'll hang around for 5 minutes
or so. You get the Algo Trade Camp,
which is step-by-step video training
showing you step-bystep how to automate
your trading. You get the AI master
classes to show you exactly how to use
AI like I do. There's a lot of questions
about how I use AI. I show you
everything there. Salana copybot and
sniper course. Crazy. You're able to
build onchain. You saw me fiddle with my
uh c my uh sniper bot end or actually my
copy bot here today. And then you got
the poly market trading bot course. So,
you're going to be able to build for all
different platforms,
unlimited private Zooms, you get Quant
Elite, which is crazy, all of my code
for the last few years, and then you
also get both my GitHubs and your own
personal API key. So, if you got here
late today, let me go ahead and drop
those uh the freebies that will expire
tomorrow. But if you want one forever,
for life, dude, then go ahead and jump
in today cuz what do you have to lose?
You got your life savings to lose over
here.
That's for sure.
So, I think this is a pretty serious,
pretty urgent matter. Just ask yourself,
is it actually urgent for you? Do you
actually need to step off these charts?
Do you currently trade with emotions?
If you were able to build one profitable
trading bot, would it be worth a small
investment that you know is going to
come back to you? Money always
replenishes.
So, go to moonv.com/go, click that
button
or this button, join up, and I'll see
you inside of the Discord. Much love to
you guys. Have a beautiful day, and I'll
talk to you soon.